jason this is such a joy to do my friend
it's been such a long time i'm so
excited to have you here but thank you
so much for joining me
harry thanks for
getting us back together i'm very
excited listen it'll be a great one but
i do want to start with a little bit on
you i love satin contacts so a lot of
people know this asks to brand but how
did you make your entrance the world
adventure and and come to found sasta
let's start there
yeah i mean it's a long time ago now but
literally 10 years ago of of my cohort
of sas founders the aaron levys the
david sachs as the others i was the
first one to have a a half decent exit
and so when sas was harder when cloud
was much harder today when there were
one unicorn called salesforce i was the
first one that didn't have to pretend
that had that didn't have to
always claim every day was great and i
just started blogging my mistakes
and that that blog took off um and then
one of the vcs that had invested in me
storm ventures brought me in as a
partner i'd never done any investments
before
but i just invested in some of the
founders that were fans of the disaster
blog and it worked out okay like you
know the first four investments
eventually became unicorns five out of
the first six um and so it kind of took
off organically but i certainly didn't
intend to invest out of that or
build a huge community it was just to
share my my learnings and mistakes when
i had nothing to hide canelo when you
look at those five out of the first six
i mean i know that the company is there
it is an incredible cohort of companies
when you look back at that are there
some lessons that you have from those
early investments that you take with you
today and impact how you think about
investing today
um i would say two things one
certainly
especially in the last 20 months the
world has changed right they're just so
the funny thing was back even five or
six years ago in sas and cloud
like you could meet with every good sass
founder
i remember i remember waking up when i
read that that the moon had invested in
slack back in the day i'm like i didn't
see that deal now like all the
90 of the unicorns i've never heard of
them right the universe is so big so
that's changed the sheer scale of the
cloud obviously
is 100x what it was five years ago a
thousand x what it was ten years ago
which is difficult to wrap your brain
around so that's changed right you you
you were saying
you were saying before we went on some
great deals you missed you should miss
tons of deals today because there's too
many good ones right i'll tell you what
hasn't changed when i look back over the
years
is um
you've got to be crazy to be a founder
and build a deck of corn
you have to be crazy it's so hard right
it is easier today let's be clear it is
easier to build a sas company today the
tools are there the systems are there
the markets are larger right they're
more understood but
the the best ones the decacorns and the
unicorns these founders were insanely
committed to building something huge in
a way that almost doesn't make rational
sense right and harry you have a little
bit of that with the 20 empire i see it
that's why i've always known it would be
wildly successful but when you don't see
that my rule is and i've made this
mistake since don't invest no matter how
much you love the fountain you can love
them as humans they can be doing very
well
but if you don't have this crazy 20-year
commitment to building something huge um
it's hard to make money in venture you
know the one thing that i continuously
hear from vcs is the markets are a
thousand x is big or a hundred x is big
as you mentioned and so ownership
doesn't matter as
do you much anymore
that
uh i i think it's a great argument on a
spreadsheet right uh certainly owning
two percent of a data dog one percent
and we look back we look at all the
individual investors in uber that became
deca deck of millionaires out of you're
like wow i could have done that
um i don't know i'm not smart enough but
when i look over my you know eight year
history of investing it's the ones with
the double-digit ownership that move the
needle and for better worse when i've
had my own fund when i look at what the
poor the companies i'm sitting on today
obviously you regret ones you missed or
you didn't but all of my core positions
are double digit ownership um largest
investor in most of them
and um
that one puts you in a good position if
you get a unicorn
right owning 20 of a unicorn still works
today um
if you give up a deck of corn it was a
miss um so i guess it all boils down to
i think there was one rule when i
started investing that the folks i
worked with thought was disagreed with
via mainly but it certainly turned out
to be true
when you meet a winner when you meet a
winner you buy all the shares
now if you can buy a quarter of the
company you buy a quarter of the company
if you can buy two percent of the
company you buy two percent of the
company but you either buy all of them
or none and i think that's the way you
you solve through this right um and if
all you could buy was two percent of a
deca corn and it's you get 200 million
that's that's that's pretty good
but buying less doesn't help right would
you would you agree that ventures less
collaborative now than ever before
someone said that to me on the show the
other day
um without question and without question
it's better for founders
without question every element of
venture that is and i'm being
binary when it's of course more subtle
than this but every
much of the collaboration and venture
did not benefit founders right the fact
today
that the craziest thing to me in venture
isn't anything you're saying the
craziest thing to me in venture is there
there are over 100 founder and
operator-led funds of over 50 million
that means if you are connected if you
are connected okay and this is this is
for the privileged okay which we could
talk about but if you're connected you
might not never need a vc until series b
if you can raise 10 million from
founder-led fund operator funds rolling
funds and that and that works for you
like you can get it done in a week or
two like why would you deal with a bunch
of collaborative ecs that all want to
own 15 or 20 of your company
when value is not consistent with
ownership right that's the underlying
tension that we've been talking about
for years but we're realizing is we get
value out of our cap table we don't get
value consistent with ownership
and i i totally agree
yeah
and for me it's hard i'm sure it's hard
for you harry i get so many inbounds and
they're like jason would you join our
round we have a 100 or 200k left and um
i can't do it right because they're
asking me to recruit their vp of sales
build their team
for
less than one percent of the company and
if i was angel investing i might do it
if i had time on my hands right but i
can't do it i don't think you get so
overloaded um but that's a smart thing
for a founder to do
that's a smart and if the founders can
get
a great operator great cmos cro ex
founders with time on their hands to all
to all do this um
i mean it's amazing and i invested in a
lot of french startups um algolias and
france and gorgeous and plato and it's
interesting
olivia from datadog would invest in all
of them back in the day they all knew
him he was a hub right and daveydog went
public he got a little busy
but back in the day he was so helpful on
every cap table
why wouldn't you want him for one
percent versus some fund that complains
that that that that the board meetings
are inconvenient for his schedule why
wouldn't you want olivia in your captain
of course you would right
i'm totally with you one final question
before we dive into the meat and it's
like bluntly when we look at funding
environment state i call it the foie
gras of startups which is like
especially in sas as far as me because
you give a founder 60 million when
they're at 25 kmr or 50k
and suddenly they hired 20 sales reps 10
in marketing and they don't have a
playbook and they don't have
repeatability
do you see this too and are you as
concerned by it as me i am i don't i'm
not concerned by it her i believe that
with help and this is why you need good
advisors you need good capital you know
the best founders eventually hire great
vps
okay sometimes they screw up a few vp
hires sometimes oftentimes they'll fall
in love with the logo they'll want
someone from datadog or dropbox whoever
that everyone makes that mistake maybe
your advisors help you avoid it but the
great vps the truly great ones not the
good ones the great vps know how to
spend the money okay the mediocre ones
fall into a hole what happens is you
hire a mediocre vp of sales and let's
say oh my god the ceo promised we're
going to go from 1 million to 10 million
this year that's what i promised that
when i raised the money i didn't promise
one to two or one to three even one to
three was the old days was a lot
probably one to ten right and we're
seeing at least one to five one to six
all the time these days right so i did
the promise what does a mediocre vp of
sales do if there's 60 million in the
bank they spend it all
they spend the mediocre ones 100 of them
spend it all the marketers spend
everything okay um we see it here you
and i have seen it multiplies a mediocre
cmo will come in or just a misfit a mism
more often it's a mismatch teamwork and
they'll spend everything on advertising
and media but the great ones you know
they spend maybe 50 more the great ones
don't hire crummy reps the great sales
leaders right they build amazing teams
right they just might hire a bigger
sales enablement team a bigger rev-ops
team to support them right then you
otherwise would the great marketers
don't spend money on on programs that
don't perform right um so
i think this is
true but um i blame the ceos for for
lowering the bar on hiring for vps
i don't see them blowing through all the
money i never see it i haven't seen it i
think you're right definitely in terms
of the best always higher you know the
best vps
i do want to dive into the meat of the
show though because you know i think you
know obviously one area where we're both
very passionate in sales and it's where
i get the most
questions i think from founders in
particular start on the matter which is
like fundamentally does the founder need
to be the person who creates the first
sales playbook or can that be
distributed to a sales rep or ahead of
sales
well
look i think
i would say the majority of b2b
companies that that are successful you
and i have worked with harry the
majority but not all
the founder has been the first set of
sales right
you know um my first deca corn saster
podcast zero zero one you did with
thiago from talk desk right he was the
only sales person through the first two
million of revenue that's where i
learned right um on the other hand um
sometimes it's just not you right
sometimes you cannot be a great sales
rep and when i look at my second
investment back in the day another
unicorn algolia nicholas who you've
interviewed was okay at this but he
brought in gayten like his chief
business officer really is almost a late
co-founder he's probably employee number
one or two because these engineers just
weren't great at sales and it became
clearly that the search api had a sales
element right so that was the
if you don't have that dna
find that great almost co-founder like
sales person early and it can work right
but hiring that person over craigslist
right or over linkedin or whatever that
that's the one that that that that fails
right so we all believe in this early
founder-led sales and it's true most the
time but it's it's not true all the time
but you sure better found a co-founder
like person to pick up the slack
okay if you think about kind of the
first sales hires often founders you say
they've built the playbook and they're
at a million an error say whatever
some number uh they go should i hire a
head of sales who brings in the team
around them and crafts that team or
should i bring in two sales reps and
build it from the ground up how do you
advise founders in that situation
well again we have we've learned over
time there's the scenario that works 80
of the time but it you don't have to run
that playbook right what works 80 of the
time is 80 of the great cloud seos we've
worked with
they fought they hire two quirky sales
reps and get them
doing pretty well hitting quota or
beyond often one of them just crazy good
right and we can talk about what that
persona looks like right and when you've
hired two
you're generally ready to hire a vp to
hire three through 300. you have
just enough of an engine
just enough of a playbook just as
importantly a playbook that works that
you can start reproducing that playbook
from three three to three hundred um
if you if you don't have those two aes
and you hire a vp of sales
eighty percent of the time it doesn't
work because there's nothing for them to
work with right and the good ones and
importantly today a good vp of sales
usually won't join a startup at that
phase that's one thing that's changed
the last five years we could chat about
is the great vp of sales are waiting for
10 million the ones that used to join at
1 million they're all waiting for a 10
million ar startup today or a unicorn
whichever comes earlier all of them um
so
but uh but if you possibly can get two
performing reps yourself it's going to
make that whole process 10 times easier
i want to talk about those two wraps you
imagine yeah what do we want in those
two wraps what do they look like what
are the character types what makes you
go this is a 10x rap and we want you in
our team
well let's be clear that 10x reps in the
early days are not the 10x reps later
hopefully they stay forever the best
ones stay if you're lucky keep them
right but they're different but i will
tell you how to hire them and what they
look like because they're two different
things okay the 10x sales rep in the
early days has
one and a half criteria it's really this
simple okay first make sure they've sold
at your price point yeah your acv a
sales if you're if you're if you're a 5k
ecb startup do not hire someone from a
million dollar a year group no matter
how much you love them it's the wrong
tool kit right the toolkit is roughly
the same for every startup at a given
acv at a given price point so make sure
they've sold in cloud in sas at your
price point okay otherwise don't fall in
love with them
two
and most folk folks screw that up the
second one they all all the founders
screw this up harry would you buy from
her
they listen to the buzzwords and they
listen to the talk and they do the
reference check but if harry if you've
sold the first 100 copies of your
product if you've sold the first 200
sponsorships at 20
you know whether you can trust these
precious leads to somebody else and
whenever i talk with the founder on math
how did it go well my first two reps
didn't work out i'm like uh what
happened and i always ask them one
question what would you have bought from
them would you buy your the answer is
always no
so you can give on a lot you can give on
the fact that they were never great that
they were always mid-pack you can give
on the fact that they sold at a six-tier
competitor you can give on the fact that
they they never got to 20 million in
their whole lives you can give them a
lot of things acv's tough to give on and
the fact that you would buy from never
works okay that's and then so that's the
criteria okay
and then i'll tell you and and if they
just pass those two criteria
they will work okay they will work for
you they and they can stay for a decade
now i'll tell you what makes them 10x
what makes them 10x and it took me a
long time to figure this out
is that
they can change their playbook
90 of sales reps and this works out the
bigger you get they sell exactly the
same way okay harry hi this is jason
from 2020 media we have a podcast
sponsorship
we started a hundred thousand dollars a
month um where can i send the po right
now when 20 gets be really big that
actually will work eight times out of
ten but think about the early days think
i mean
it wouldn't work and this and ninety
percent eighty nine actually ninety
percent of sales reps no matter how they
just run the same playbook again and
again and again and the bigger your
brand gets the more that works but the
great ones
especially in the early days they
changed the playbook based on who the
the prospect is and that may sound
obvious because as founders we do this
intuitively but it's not how great many
great reps are trained they're trained
in a process and a system they get
really good at the 10 questions in the
script so
those early reps can be great just if
they're at your acv and you would trust
your lead that's enough hire her
but if if they actually can sell three
or four different use cases they
understand the different buying personas
already that's when the magic the magic
just happens when you get the 10xer
that's and that's the criteria of every
top rep at any sas come to have talked
to
is they can completely change the sales
playbook based on the prospect based on
the buyer can ask one thing i find very
very challenging it's like
quota creation and so how do you advise
on the right quota that is both
ambitious and it's hard to get but also
it's not too ambitious where it's just
too far out of reach what's the right
balance
well let's step
the good news is
the the middle's hard but the beginning
of this process and the end are easy
okay when you when you when you're
really early stage your quota should be
enough that the sales rep won't quit
that they can eat
so you need to make sure
that at least the first three to six
months if you're sub 1 million to 2
million an are
that they get a boost okay and often
often it's simplest to almost give them
i know it sounds can sound crazy
sometimes it's almost easy to give them
100 of what they close if it's hard
right you close 10k this month you take
home 10k like it's really simple right
obviously that's not profitable but it's
almost 100 percent like they take on 100
that can be okay for the first three
months you have to train people you have
to onboard them it's not the end of the
world it doesn't work at scale right but
you need to back into it okay here my
i've hired this new this new rep harry
he's got to make 100k a year
let me be honest with myself if he can
close 200k it's so early that's a gift
right so i'm gonna pay harry half of
what he closes that that turns out to be
if you're don't do you have to be
analytical they have to eat and then at
scale
we end up at these 3x 4x5x numbers right
which is quotas are an smb usually 3x
you're full you're you're fully burdened
comp you're on target earnings
up to 5x in the enterprise
so
that's the way it works 3x4 x5x it's
actually worked since in the earth like
it's it was all it's always been three
to five x of profits going back to
automobile sales anything you could sell
right um pool supplies it's just because
software approaches 100 gross margin
sales reps could keep three to five at
this three to five x work for for
revenue right not not not the profit but
that's the way it works so at scale if
you want to make 200 000 a year as a
sales rep great in smb you got to bring
in 600 mid market 800 enterprise a
million
and then the question is in the middle
in the middle as you especially if you
have capital or if you don't where do
you want to bend those rules until
you're at scale right but ultimately at
some point as you approach ipo or
something your metrics have to be normal
don't they
absolutely they do my question is also
like when you look at enterprise given
the conversion length in terms of the
sales cycles yes it's very difficult to
know if your reps are actually
good how do you think it's very
stressful how do how do founders know
they're very stressful what are signs
then when you have a founder that goes
jason
they haven't closed anything but they've
only been here four months
how do you know if they're good
yeah there's a startup i i invested in
it's taken a while they're founded in
and the beginning of this quarter
they're at 2 million okay since 2017.
this quarter they finally closed a
million so two to three million in one
quarter not a single enterprise rep has
ever worked out
you keep waiting and waiting and waiting
um
when you're at scale you know because
long sales cycles don't matter at scale
north of 20 30 million in revenue you're
lining up so many deals at the same time
that long sales titles don't matter
because if you have 100 deals in flight
it really they it actually it actually
starts to happen very predictably right
but you need like 100 long sale cycle
deals not not not
sony bologna pipeline but actually in
flight that are going to close before
before this gets de-stressed and how
many startup founders have 100
enterprise deals in flight
uh it takes it takes a while right so
there's really only two answers and it's
stressful there's no great answer one is
i found that in true enterprise like
real enterprise the founder is often the
vp of sales until 10 million
no i've seen this again and again and
again now i'm not saying they don't have
a vp of sales okay but i think in smb
you can be hands off at a million or two
in revenue as even if you did found
online sales i find that an enterprise
they're so good at speaking to the big
customers they're so trusted right those
harry we know like we trust him he all
the customers trust him google trusts
them whoever trusts them and and so
harry is already in every deal until
this brand is so established
that harry just gets pulled into the
deal so i actually think to tell
founders that are pulling their hair out
in enterprise keep pulling it out
because it's not going to get better
it's just going to get more repeatable
and you will be the head of sales until
10 million
and so what that means is the big
mistake that i see founders that are
true enterprise make
is they just have too much faith in
these aes
you have to see more progress you have
you have to judge it and even if you
have a nine month sales cycle you have
to save four months in are these deals
really moving at the pace they did when
i run them
are they really working as well because
otherwise it's fake right it's not it's
not it's fake energy isn't it
i i it totally is the thing i worry
about is like founder dependency and i
think about this with me now you know
dealing with sponsorship management it's
like how do i extricate myself from the
process because you don't want to be in
every process where it's found
independent like what would happen to
spacex if elon musk was gone or tesla
founder dependency is part of the game
yeah
i mean
it's part of it's part of the game right
uh
i think it's a it's one of these
existential risks for investing too
right what if something happens right
uh
i got an email over the weekend from a
great literally one of the best founders
i've known my entire life
saying you know his co-founder is kind
of transitioning to an ic role right i'm
like god that's high risk
that's the high that's higher risk than
losing a customer
or or some sort of other existential
issue right because a founder dependency
is is it's it's an existential problem
um and you got you know making yourself
obsolete is the dream of every founder
um but maybe you could only come close
and it's true in sales it's and when i
started doing these faster events i
would interview all the ceos out in the
early days i would ask the jeff lawsons
from twilio and the peter gastner from
viva and i would say how much time do
you spend in sales like in the early
days before they all they were all
bigger and they're like more than ever
[Laughter]
more i'm like really jeff you just went
public at twilio in 2017 you're spending
you're you're a developer focused kind
of you're spending more time on sales
than ever yes now sometimes that means
more time with customers it's not always
prospects right as you get bigger you
talk about ten-year customers you want
to you want to move your time as ceo
more to customers and prospects but it
never goes down and that that i think
that's emblematic of this level of
founder dependency right
is vegan the founder dependency have you
ever had it where the founders just
tired we've seen clover we've seen the
world change and shift in ways that we
never expected and i think um depression
mental health tightness to get chronic
tiredness is more and more a problem
have you ever had it where the family's
burnt out and how do you deal with that
because that worries me i would say only
80 of the time
what i mean is
one of the very first things i wrote in
saster literally probably in 2012 or
2013 a long time ago was i've been doing
this for five years my startup's doing
pretty well i want to quit i'm tired
what do i do
and i've updated version that over the
years literally last week i had the
conversation with a found a great
founder
that almost wanted to throw and throw in
the towel um
and even though they had over a million
in revenue it just taken a while right
and
um mental health and everything these
are important issues i wish i had any
answers there i'll tell you what i've
learned more tactically about this topic
which is
um
one every every company every star every
sas sas is good in that um you don't
have to change the product like every
week okay you're not con it's not it's
not clubhouse or tick tock and the
competition level is it's visceral but
it's slower but you do need to reinvent
yourself every four to five years right
as a product and the only way you can do
that is if you kind of reinvent the team
and your mission every not your mission
but your strategy every four to five
years and what bails you out of
tiredness again and again if you get
bailed out if you do
is that magical vp that you find that is
more than a vp
that is almost like a founder
almost like a founder right and that is
the only thing that has saved me over
time and that is the only thing that has
saved me even running faster is finding
someone that would join and own more of
it take over some of that burden and if
you're a founder and you're burnt out
and you're up to here right but you find
someone to take over a piece of it all
of a sudden everything's down here it's
your stress love and everything drops
third to four
it's not to nothing and then you'll
realize i should have almost dropped
everything to find her right to find
this vp that could carry some of the
load right and
again when that founder sent me the
email over the weekend the first thing
i'm going to talk to talk to him about
is okay who can we find on the team or
outside they can carry some of the load
right because the startup's doing great
but you need someone that's going to put
some of those concrete blocks on their
back
and own some of this right and and back
in the old days at echos on adobe sign i
had i had three of those and i didn't
appreciate how great it was i didn't
appreciate it i thought i needed that
out of every vp
right and i only had it out of three of
my vps
and then i realized i was an event and i
was backstage with wade from zapier and
we were talking about it and he's like
you're lucky if you have half
i said what do you mean he's like you're
lucky if half your vps
not only do their job well right but do
more than their job like carry some of
that load and if you can even have half
of your management team do it that
that's like magic and i realize he's
right right and so that's what if you're
tired that's what you're missing
you don't have someone to carry the load
for you and and people great people will
do that right
and that's what's crazy about startups
is people get these emotional
attachments to them and they will they
will do things they would never do in a
big company what does that mean
if they don't carry the load for you
they're not made great they could be
good does that mean you don't have them
in your organization like you can oh no
i think wade's point was look
i'm like we didn't talk about any of
person he's like i'm lucky to have a vp
of marketing that hits plan that's
enough okay if you get me the whatever
the goal is like that's you're gonna
have vps on your team that are gonna hit
their numbers and that that's that's
hard enough as it is right a lot of
human beings especially as you get
bigger right and it becomes more process
oriented they don't want to worry about
the competition and where the cup where
the company will be in 10 years and the
deep future they don't they don't and
that's that's okay
that that's okay um but but having even
half your management team
care 80 as much as you do that's when
you can just
blow it out of the water
right that's when magic happens right
and so
i think
it gets harder as you scale as these as
you hire process-oriented people
but you can find them but you need them
but if you can find a couple of these
before even 20 million there are the
romantics exist they're romantics
they're romantics they're romantics that
want more out of life
than a salary or even rsus or equity at
a big company they want more they want a
sense of belonging a sense of worth
out of their company and you can mock
that
but it's incredibly powerful when they
get so much value out of creating
themselves out of being a creator out of
the magic of a startup and if you can
harness that authentically
um that's what magic happens that's the
beauty i mean i don't know why i mean
you've had an interesting career harry
but i you know
when i when i i quit my first so-called
corporate job to do startups i actually
had no job no sal no savings or anything
but it was wanting to be part of
something bigger right than me that i
did and i don't think that's changed
that's why people join early stage stuff
right because it's not rational is it
no not rational in many cases i i was
just unemployable j smash well you're
unemployable but you're a romantic and
that's why when i say this to people
they don't understand what i mean but i
mean
these some of these great early stages
and i mean early stage almost up to 20
million these days they're they're
romantics they want more out of life
they want to be on this special journey
right um
and
cap the right person that that desire if
you're giving them that special journey
and they want to be on a special journey
and they're great then they're super
great right then they're magicians
totally and and if anyone listening is a
vp running media companies and wants to
help me then please please do it you you
get it i mean like 20.
you get it that you're overwhelmed now
right and it may take you two years to
find that person which
sounds horrible right um but uh when you
find that person uh magic will happen
speaking of like
not getting out but finding leverage but
i am thinking about getting out now you
know i was speaking to an assassin
that's the other day legendary
assassinated pricing is so ridiculous
today harry for my early best just i'm
getting out of as many of them as
possible honestly like bluntly i know
they're average companies and their
price at 600 to a billion
sell secondaries
how do you feel about when the right
time is to get out and is this the time
now to be selling
uh you know i i
i have been thinking about that a bit
lately because you do need to think
about that right the um the
the quality of unicorns is not
consistent
right it now that this 100x ar thing
startup has become a meme
um it's justified
behavior that i think in the aggregate
will work out right for large investors
but on specific deals can make no sense
because 100xer completely makes sense
for a data dog or a snowflake right no
argument because but but basically 100x
error startup i have to at least
quintiple next year with high quality
revenue at least quintiple right
and a lot of these folks that get these
crazy valuations the next year is not as
good
it's okay it's not that it's terrible or
they would never get the valuation right
but it's not they're not quintipling or
sex tupling or tupling the next year and
then a set of issues set in that
compound right
and
you know
you have to understand what's going on
is this
is this a generational company right or
is this a moment in time and i think
it's um
it might be if you're a great vc that's
easy to an easy bet to make it might be
if you're great you you can your job is
to know the difference right um and
do i have a hub spot or not like what
what do i have on my hands um and i have
what i have on the other day and it was
a thousand that is revenue yeah
i mean it was like a 50k
startup uh mro and it was done at uh
610.
yeah
and it sounds silly but i think but
whoever led that round if they're smart
they're doing 30
30 of them okay so then you start to see
this bell-shaped distribution and if
they they do okay on the long tail of it
right they're gonna need four or five
unicorns right of those thirty to make
it work they're probably gonna need more
than ten percent they're probably gonna
need fifteen percent to be decacorn so
if you plug that into a google sheet
you're gonna see that they can write off
three or four
at the bottom a couple can have mediocre
outcomes as long as they get at least 15
percent to be decacorns right and
it's just um
and you can argue you could argue that
given all the unicorns all seed is still
under price today
i think seed seed as crazy as it sounds
might be the only bargain
because or precede like we have to
pre-seed might be the only bargain
because as expensive as it is
as expensive as it is and i'll tell you
the problem with pre-seed next as
expensive it is it may not have seen the
same inflation as series a right even
though it's seen inflation right but
tripling is not the same thing as 20x
it's not my question is i don't think
there's a we're going to get onto
the problems um but i don't think
precede actually exists anymore bluntly
for the majority or not for the majority
but for a lot of founders whereby if you
come out of a top facebook twitter
data dog slack you name it you can raise
you know three to five on 20 like that
but what about the less privileged terry
that's what we're we don't spend enough
time talking about i'm not even talking
about less represented or truly
underprivileged that's an even larger
issue i'm just talking about great folks
that didn't come out of facebook twitter
y combinator right um i would say most
of my best investments did not
and those have not seen the same level
of pre-seed inflation right um but they
have seen enough that can break the seed
model
okay talk to me what do you mean break
the seed bubble there has been a classic
seed model in the u.s where
for at least a decade if not longer of
like 40 to 50 60 million per partner
right that's been a seed model for a
long time three partners 180 million to
120 when i could be a solo gp which was
seen as insane at the time 60 million
for one but it basically rolled up into
the same math 40 50 60 per partner you'd
invest very early at valuations between
3 and 10 million pre depending on who
they were and you can get enough
ownership
for two percent of your fund right to
have diversity so two percent of a 50
million dollar fund is a million so how
many deals can i get 10 15 20 of a
million right
um that model probably doesn't work
anymore right to do that type of you say
why is everyone raising a three to four
hundred million dollar seed fund well
it's the two percent model it's not just
a game it's okay i want to write two
percent checks that are two percent of
my fund or less right
so even as seed has become precede and
that's okay all the names changed right
um you know series a became seed it's
all cool but does the traditional
50 60 million dollar seed fund work i
don't i think it doesn't work unless you
go
with anything that has any any proof any
social proof anything privileged it
doesn't work right so you either have to
find the less privileged where i think
it works
or
you have to settle for a very different
model right a lot of these founder-led
funds are okay with de minimis ownership
or very high valuations they think it'll
all work out in the end because they
have decacons
right and that and that's disrupting
seed too because if you need to own ten
percent in your seed fund and a founder
led fund is okay with three percent or
two percent because they're doing 30
deals a year
and they know they're gonna have four
deca corns per fund that completely
breaks the traditional seed fund model
too right so i think it's the only part
that hasn't adapted we see these grey
locks and andreessen's and others and
sequoia is sort of adapting but
uh
i i don't know i don't know i don't know
that this model exists at least in the
same way as when i started investing i
don't know that it exists you said there
were problems with pre-seed or it goes
bad what did you mean by that
when it goes bad is that what i said
what did i say he said about the
problems of pre-seed and we'll get into
that
the problems with precede oh no i think
all i meant was that i think the media
confuses the privileged precede with the
less privileged
i don't think we've seen the same levels
of inflation for folks that ha ha have
no social proof have no background i
don't care
how do you advise founders when they
have big multi-stage funds putting big
time sheets on the table at the seed
round
i think that
here's a point this i'll give you advice
and i'll tell you a point that's changed
over the last two to three years um
first of all you don't have to spend it
just always remember you don't have to
spend it right um
i think but let me go to the point it
used to be just a few years ago
there were a couple of problems with big
huge funds doing seed right one was of
course
um signaling oh my god excel sequoia
whoever
did the seed but they didn't do the a
let's be clear that was a signaling
problem
and the big funds would say it wasn't it
was a huge signaling problem it was a
seven on a scale of one to ten and the
only people that said it wasn't was the
people running these programs it's a
huge signaling problem of course if
sequoia or excel or andreessen or
lightspeed has two years of data and
they don't preempt the a of course it's
a problem of course it's a bad signal
so
so that was a problem um
and that exists today one weird thing
though today is
the big [__] if you take money from a
big fund as an early stage founder
there's actually less pressure
there's less pressure this is so changed
the funds are so big and they're raising
funds every 12 months right it might we
have different portfolios in my
portfolios when the when the
multi-billion dollar funds have come in
and led the a or the seed they're barely
invested
there and you know what they don't even
care if you have board meetings they
don't even here's the thing harry they
don't care if you lose all the money
because it's just 20 million bucks
they don't have time they've done 40
investments they're on 20 boards and
just the 20 million is the entry
position and listen they might be a
little upset if you if you don't get to
a billion in 24 months but they don't
care anymore that used to be a career
limiting move you used to lose your job
if that 20 million dollar check didn't
perform now nobody cares they don't care
if you've got two billion and you're
doing the 20 million i mean it's one
percent one percent
and it's two billion in a year harry
instead of four to five years it's in a
year you don't even have time because
deploying a fund in a year requires a
level of velocity that we've never seen
before you can't care
and and the good news is if you woke up
this morning and another one of your
portfolio got marked up to a unicorn at
a thousand x or whatever that's fine
that's the way the game is and if
they're going to lose money on the other
one or if it's just slow
nobody can they don't care and if you're
an empathetic founder like i was and it
may not may not all be a positive it
takes a lot of pressure off you as a
founder if your investors don't care i
worried about it too much right they
literally they literally don't care
no no i i'm totally with you i think
it's about finding the right balance you
never want founders to be you know
desperately depressed or kind of
mentally unstable but i'm totally with
you um i just think this is if you're
the right type of founder the fact that
there is less investor pressure for
large checks can de-stress your life if
you play it the right way
if you play it the right way right the
pressure even to raise it a couple
hundred million evaluation years ago was
so high
today they may just leave you alone if
you're the right founder that's a gift
listen i agree you said about you said
about deployment pace there
you're very disciplined and actually you
haven't really changed your deployment
pace yeah like would have done to nine
months or 12 months like how do you
think about deployment pace and
discipline on on on chat riding bluntly
i
so
look everyone's different right um first
of all i've learned do you do any
what has changed i think i've learned
over time is
the burden of being the lead investor
over time has gone up as everyone does
less work right the number two the
number three the number four investor
does less work
the the the amount of work the lead
investor has gone up and and i was just
looking at my portfolio the other day i
added a column where am i number the
number one investor
because that's where the time is people
used to do it how many board seats am i
on which was the amount of work
you know what harry now that we do it
over zoom aboard me is not like the end
of the world is it it's really not a big
deal right but be number one and so i
think
how many active investments can you be
number one in and it might be
five
like the traditional the old school
metric for board seats was it was
supposed to be ten okay but when you
started to run the place it would be
twenty okay if you go back and talk when
you do the 20 vcu talks they would be on
the arthur rocks whatever they'd
probably be on 20 boards okay i bet
byron beater was my favorite i bet he's
on 20 boards okay but that would be this
capacity for going to boards right but
being the only active investor it might
be five if you take it seriously
so you have to wait
if you want to be a seed investor and
have high ownership
that's that's the compounding effect
right and i haven't found at least with
my what what i'm asked to do by founders
what i'm asked to do which is help build
the teams
i haven't found i could do more than a
few of those at the same time
yeah no i i agree that's the problem and
i don't think that's a wise way to
invest the better way is to to not help
at all the truth is most top vcs will
tell you
that historically historically that they
don't the best the best startups don't
need any help
right and they'll say that meme again
and again and if if you think through it
that really means you should do the
least you can other than win the deal
you should win the deal and exit any
time commitment
but this is why i'm funny i'm so bullish
on my model which is like i am very
light touch you need an intro to the cto
at zoom done the head of sales and slack
done you need some money
but but that's super it's so lightweight
jason meet tom sarah meet rachel yeah
but well as you have more money harry
and as you become
in some cases the only investor in a
company
right uh you've already raised 180
million in your last two funds right
let's imagine you raise 360 in the next
one you may end up being the only
investor in a number of your investments
right or the only significant investment
right because as these cap tables are
getting sliced finer and finer you could
have one person owning 20 right
probably my single best investment today
on a little more than 20 and i don't
think then i have one that owns eight
and then everyone else owns a tiny bit
so i'm and i love this company but i'm
on the hook forever aren't i
and and so it's great to just make those
and listen you have such an incredible
network if you can just make connections
that's worth it to have harry on my cap
table like anyone listen to this put
hair on your cap table um but if we're
doing insider baseball as you will you
be able to sustain that as you have more
ones and ones and ones as an investor
and those ones get so big that two is
to two is just doing emails
no i'm totally with you i think it's a
really fun i don't know
i think honestly it lands to the type of
deal that i do and i i rarely do the
ones where you're solely the one with
the majority now i'm not saying at all
that won't happen where it does which i
have now bunny i am on the hook and i
work [__] hard to do
and then as time goes on and you start
to
see distributions and other things
happen you start to see
the the the benefits of
of even being the largest investment in
one winner
like being being the largest investor in
one winner can out unless you're unless
you can just nail that two percent of
data dog strategy you know this is
hoenam's point right which is being the
largest investor in a generational
company that's enough adventure right
and the world is different today you can
run a different and you're running a
different playbook but
um that one does as time goes on and
you're pl and you're you get busier and
busier
the the the slugging it out and trying
to be the largest investor in a deca
corn becomes more and more appealing
yeah right i i get you it does i mean
the investment i made in top desk it
storms storms storm was the largest
investor they're still close you know at
if it if it's worth 20 or 30 billion
that will be the best investment in 25
years for that fund right that that more
than outweighs all the other stuff so if
you just think about slugging
like and
and um and as time goes on and you get
busier and 20 bc is doing 300 million a
year and you're managing 4 billion under
capital there is a temptation to to slug
it out and want to have that number one
position on the cap table isn't there
man i'm sorry that storm portfolio you
built is just a rock one yeah but i just
but you learn from it right and you
learn
so
yeah but listen if you can maintain what
you're doing at 20 bc it's epic because
um it's the next everyone there's a lot
of folks who have kind of done the next
generation thing of what saka did in the
early days right um
saka just had such a large social
following he could move the needle right
and and that that alone doesn't work
today that almost seems like most things
it seems
it seems so basic today but if you can
continue to make connections through
your network um you're more valuable
than 95 percent of the investors on the
cap table
for sure and oh and off record i'll tell
you why why i think we're we're so much
better than that which is exciting i do
want to ask you mentioned aboard seats
and yeah
i've sat on them jason i thought they
were pretty useless and ineffective to
be quite honest do you actually find
board meetings help
i have changed my mind
so when i started investing i felt there
was nothing more torturous than going to
a board meeting
okay i remember my first investment was
pipe drive vista bought them for 1.5
billion and i had to be tortured to go
to those board meetings i'm like uh i'm
like i got you your vp of sales your cfo
all your other like
i got to do this again i thought i sold
my company so i didn't have to go to
board meetings anymore i thought i was
supposed to get a break from this crap
when you have an exit and i really
thought they were terrible um and none
of the first investments that i do did i
appreciate them at all right none of
them i i viewed them
um but time goes on and i've learned
a couple of things first of all
as i transition to having more and more
number one investor positions on the cap
table i realized that
um
fiduciary
there's a fiduciary obligation in the
lead investor and it's very serious in
this day and age of theradose and 1000x
deals who's responsible
for the diligence who's responsible oh
you raised 20 million in your seed great
but who's responsible for that money
that it's used properly and i don't mean
going through the books or anything like
that but who is providing every six
weeks
a check and balance
and that check and balance is that you
show up and you report against revenue
you report against cash and you report
against sales and marketing right i
actually view this in this age of more
and more investors with smaller
positions who care less this fiduciary
responsibility when i'm number one is is
weighty it's weighty right and the ones
where i'm number two are number three
i'm like i don't have to do this
so there's fiduciary two
and boy for founders this is so
important um
until you're big until you at 40 50
million when board meetings really are
about money around the table right until
that phase board meetings are at least
50 for your management team to present
there is nothing a few things more
valuable to a ceo than having an
external forcing function for your vps
to have to hit their numbers you can
only how often a ceo can you yell at
your team i would argue once a year
now there are ceos that yell there are
yellers out there but i would argue you
can really only yell at one of your vps
and i put yelling quotes whatever this
means i think you can really only
be so upset with them once or twice a
year otherwise it's demoralizing people
quit right but if every six weeks your
vp of sales that's a little bit behind
has to report harry i'm
my plan for q1 was 10 million i'm at 8.4
here's how
that forcing function for you not to
have to do it yourself as ceo in each
functionality sales marketing product
engineering
it's like a nine on the value scale
and that's also as an aside that's why i
beg founders not to use notion at and
board meetings
i beg them to force everyone to make
slides to spend the time because we all
love notion and coda we just put our
stuff in our google docs and it's so
it's so efficient isn't it
but but
and not only did i think board meetings
were stupid when i started investing you
know what i thought was even stupider
founders using slides i'm like oh my god
like what people are still standing up
in rooms and clicking throughs through
like i can't believe people are still
doing like i get what you do like i
don't need to see your stupid
presentation but then i then i realize
as time goes on the work you force your
management team to put into those slides
for each board meeting forces
organization self-discipline reporting
goal analytics that otherwise they just
don't bother to do in notion
they don't do it they just write a
stream of consciousness or an update to
a table it's not the same but you if you
don't put the work in you don't get you
don't get the value out do you
no you don't you don't i i find the best
managers so you do delegated
responsibility where they kind of say as
you said they bring their functional
leads in each area and then they
delegate to them because one thing that
does worry is when you see the founder
and ceo at a scale-up company just
spending way too much time doing the
decks themselves and you're like you do
need to find some form of delegation
that works here do you know what i mean
for sure for sure but um i think as we
as we've gone into the the era where you
can use safes up to 200 million and
other things the the the presentations
the board meetings have atrophied and i
think it's a
i think if the ceo doesn't get it for
their investors even if they don't
really respect any value add from the
investors
the v your vps take these board meetings
very seriously here's the let me here's
the other fight you may not as the
founder but your vps i gotta present to
the board
oh my god every vp i've ever worked with
gets nervous
that is a gift to you as a founder
harness that harness the fact that they
may be comfortable with you as a founder
but they're nervous about presenting to
harry or jason it's just harry or jason
me give me a break why should you be
nervous presenting dust but the fact
that they are
is a is a an amazing management tool for
ceo
yeah no i i
right
i'd be terrified presenting to you jason
yeah and that's a gift as a founder
because you don't have to yell
yeah no i agree i think how does the
board member really have to yell they
just have to be like hmm
that's enough
we miss planet games
any questions from the board on this one
oh no
all my personal preferences when you get
there
and then the next morning the associate
comes and you're like oh they've done
your different issue yeah oh that that
pisses me off i don't like that
anyway uh that's a different issue uh
but i do want to move into a quick fight
jason because we could chat all day so i
say a short statement you give me your
immediate thoughts okay okay so what
sales tactics have not changed over the
last five years
would have not changed i think that um
i think
what has changed the most has also not
changed which is outbound
outbound still works even even when
we've all deployed 150 sas apps
evaluated a thousand even we're
overloaded in the cloud
great outbound works great out we don't
we do not all have time to do discovery
on our own so you you you're running a
business harry what's your number one
problem that you have today in 20
overall what's the number one problem
you have
um concentration of responsibility
around me lack of delegation okay what
if i had a tool that auto delegated
everything at 20 bc you didn't have to
put any work into it and it handled it
with ai would you take a quick call
yeah okay there you go that's called
outbound
okay sure that's i just did outbound to
you right now i i was lucky enough to
get you on on on the riverside but
so that has worked has sending that
email to 10 000 people through
sales loft or outreach or mixed max does
that still work like and i i love all
those tools right i've invested in two
out of three of them it works but its
efficacy is declined right that that so
my point is that one of the things
that's changed most is this outbound
playbook we perfected five years ago
that we're all running has declined in
efficacy but outbound itself works
better than ever and i'm just shocked
with all the applications out there and
all the competitors that
great outbound works better than ever
but mediocre outbound
is still works but it's declining in its
efficacy
what sales tactics have died of death
which do we just not see anymore
um
i i think the playbook keeps getting
better and better with rev-ops becoming
a function and all these other things
becoming a function
i just think that
you know the
i'm not sure any of it does the only
thing that has really changed that has
changed the most is just
when in the funnel
we're doing face to face and when in the
funnel we're making those connections
and i think the biggest change in
venture and enterprise sales because
they're similar venture and enterprise
sales actually have some similarities to
them
is that those first meetings are no
longer done in person and that has
changed venture radically and it has
also changed enterprise sales right
covet changed it in that we are like i
don't know what you see in your
portfolio but all of the enterprise sas
companies i've invested in work with
they're all going back to face-to-face
meetings nick met on game sites talking
about it they're all going back but no
sales reps are doing it for the first
meeting anymore right there therefore
we've learned we've learned what works
from home and what doesn't over the last
20 months and we've learned we want to
get together but we want to do it at the
best possible time so we want to do it
in the middle of the sales funnel right
and we want to and where do we want to
do in customer success i'm actually not
sure i know the answer but it's probably
less than the kickoff meeting than the
90 day the plus 90 day meeting right
that's when you want to fly out um and
we've gotten better at when to use that
in person time um but but we're still
doing it
do you enjoy investing by zoom i've i
have brian simon on the show from
founders fun he said no it's yeah i hate
it and i'm not doing it anymore so no i
hate it
um i hate it but i didn't know why until
a couple weeks ago
um it's not because of the risk and
there is it is increased risk we've
increased risk and venture but the
returns have gone up commensurate with
the risk right
um
it is for me
and it's not because
i'm so amazing at sussing out a founder
when i meet them in person like i i'm
such a human superpower i mean we all we
all think we're better at that than we
do right including all ceos i think
they're amazing at it um it's more
because
the cadence was perfect for me i would
get an email
and it would explain the business right
we could meet in a week in person i
could ruminate on it
i could see if what i hoped was true was
true in person i could see if i trusted
them and loved them and fell in love
with them and then i could decide about
20 minutes into that meeting if i wanted
to invest so i made all my investments
decisions pre-covered in 20 seemingly in
20 minutes like you could you can ask
all my initial investments i would
interrupt the
the first in person about 20 minutes and
i would always say the same thing if
everything you've told me harry is true
i'm in and i would mean it like i would
always say that but i got a chance to do
the work ahead of time i got a chance to
not be under intense pressure to make an
instant decision and i got a chance to
spend that week or so
ruminating and then using that in-person
meeting to solidify that conclusion
right
now i've got to make do that in the
first zoom and i can get us you can get
a second or third follow-up right but
it's become so transactional
that
i i feel like i'm not
as emotionally engaged and i and i and i
just i fade away a bit on that on that
trend the transactional element of it so
but maybe i'm just been doing this too
long but i feel like i get
i kind of get a d for investing over
zoom even though i it seemingly used to
invest in 20 minutes that there was this
secret process where i had 10 days to
ruminate and learn
they've just changed everything and i
don't like it
and the compression of fundraising
timelines has been so immense you now
have to decide within 24 hours sometimes
you know that i think of all things is
less different than it used to be i
think because even back when i started
investing in 2013 2014 if a startup was
hot
at least by the time i met them because
i'm different they already had a term
sheet
so i never had i always had to make i
felt like i always even though i did
that 20 million 20 minute thing i always
felt like i kind of had to anyway
because they already had now what that
maybe today it's gonna close this
afternoon like that's different in a
couple years back but they already had
an offer so you always i think you
always
i mean even in my very first startup
years ago i got term sheets the same day
like that is nothing new there is
nothing new when that startup just
stands out and they just grabbed the
part they used to grab the partners down
the hall right on sandhill and they
throw them in the room they're like
harry just just actually before you go
can i just have you meet this bunch of
white men that work at my firm rob bill
biff bobby the other bobby
and james and james and james
while you're here do you have can you
just run through the deck again
and then you'd be having dinner that
night in downtown palo alto get a term
sheet right so it is compression i
actually think the compression what i've
seen i think it's harder on the late
stage investors who no longer can do
diligence
i had i had an investment recently that
did it did it now it wasn't a thousand
axr but did a very very it was a
relatively hot round and one of the best
vc's i've ever worked with coffee is
like we don't have time to do any can
you just do all the diligence for us and
i told them all the vps all the issues
and i think it was very helpful they
literally this is a relatively
conservative firm they just there's just
no time right um the advantage to seed
is
the diligence universe is is is a little
bit more confined so i think it's it's
it's somewhat easier to do it on that
compressed times saying but um
i i'm totally with you i i see a lot
actually of kind of growth firms kind of
doing the
feces deep dives and then making them
more personalized for companies and then
going active outbound and saying hey
revenue cap we've done all of this work
in the space we've spent hours doing it
we've got a market future and that's how
they kind of approach deal winning
yeah so i i think those things have just
got
every people people coming it's just
gotten faster as it should on the
internet right um but
but the the fact that the whole process
is transactional is new right
that it's entirely entirely
transactional and then i see these
founder-led funds
literally making decisions in five
minutes with relatively large pools of
of capital for seed funds
that that one is like the ultimate
disruption like i you know i was just on
the phone with some ceo some unicorn ceo
she's throwing in 250k into the round in
five minutes right that's great for the
founder but as a traditional investor
it's hard to compete with that isn't it
i see this all the time and you do 10
calls with founders all of whom have
their own fund or maybe have a very
large scout fund or whatever and they've
put in three to four million in a day
they make fun they don't do any founders
don't do any diligence right they just
they just it's like they just decide if
they're great right and so that's the
that i think is the
that's the ultimate end version of this
this hyper hyperversion
we're not going to talk about founders
raising external money for funds that
just um it's it does not bode well um so
i i if
if you'd even talked to me eight months
ago i would have agreed now
like doc sends and and other things you
got to give up
it's the trains left the station
there's too many founders that are going
to raise nine-figure funds
while they're running their own startups
and i it used to be a bad sign for the
startup right and all it used to be like
how could you do anything other than run
your own startup but it doesn't matter
what you and i think
because there's gonna be 50 of those
funds there's gonna be 59-figure funds i
don't get the trade-off in terms of time
though you know i i see quite a lot of
my friends who run amazing companies and
they have five 10 million dollar funds
and i'm like if you increase the
enterprise value of your company by one
or two percent you'll make far more than
you will from this 5 million 10 million
dollar fund just focus angel invest get
take some secondary angel invest fine
but if people give you money you are
committing to them and you have an
obligation to that and
to go and raise money for a separate
fund it's just i i didn't say that i
think they think they're gonna write
some more and more of them will raise a
hundred though harry and they think
they'll do four to five x funds
and so if
they and their partner can split up
extra 100 million dollars in carry while
they're running their company um and say
take 20 or 30 million in secondary out
of their own series b round they feel
like that's that's a world they like to
live in like i can i can i can i can get
20 million in cash for my secondary i
can run my company to a deca corn and i
can make another 100 million from my
founder fund i think that's appealing
that's not a tiny little seed fund
that's people are going to give me 100
million and because i'm at i'm at a
center of some hub i can deploy this
hundred million dollars effectively
right likely with limited pro rata and
other issues so my absolute return if i
do enough of these deals could be good
right most of these funds like this they
have one great deck of coin in their
portfolio and it just worked
it just worked right so so that like
yeah you're like god i would never
invest in a founder that has their own
fund
2022 you may be doing this every week
that's hilarious
tell me my friend final one what's the
most recent publicly announced
investment and why did you say yes and
get so excited
what's the most recently public event um
the recent one was from a little while
ago
boy it was um
and you have to keep challenging your
player maybe the most recent public one
is a company called owner.com
which is
to over simplify maybe as a next
generation toast
um
and
it's in a space that's very competitive
right has margin issues lots of
challenges
hard to understand the competitive
landscape quickly so those things seem
to to break break a lot of the
traditional rules right um but
one of the things that i've realized
just a couple reasons the investment was
interesting but one of the things i've
realized
is i've just fallen in love
with the incredible ceo cto pair
i don't mean both good i mean incredible
and when you have an incredible co that
can see the future and a cto that can
ship
software five times faster than a pretty
good cto their ability to iterate
is so jaw dropping right and when i see
that co cto combination
i honestly when they're both a pluses
right it's hard enough to get one
everyone thinks everyone's born i see
both as an a plus and any traction at
all like any traction at all i i feel
like i literally cannot lose money on
that combination and as an ex founder
myself i feel like a lot of investors
are now right it's not no longer unique
but i feel like i have the ability to
know when both are great that some
people can't and when they are i'm like
god even if they screw it all up this
quarter the software they'll have
next quarter i just got an email from
owner and like they added this whole new
marketing automation level right and its
first month it added 200 000 in revenue
it's first month i'm like who does that
right i mean the level of agility right
and we see hints of this in stripe right
at others at scale but but that's my
that's my rambly answer to what i'm
obsessed with and when i look back at
startups i've done where
um
you know the ceo is pretty good but the
cto's turned over a couple times or
there's just not that that that batman
and robin pairing
you you can do it but i'm done with
those ones i think
listen uh jason this has been so much
fun i love our chats always i can't
believe it's taken us so long to do this
again but um honestly thank you for
doing it and i really appreciate it my
friend thank you harry
[Music]
you